Markdown examples update (#656)
Codecademy/docs: content/markdown/concepts/tables/tables.md

> Cell widths can vary, as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cell widths can vary, as shown below:
```

## Text Formatting

Text can be formatted within tables. For example, links, emphasis, and inline code (words or phrases in backticks only, not code blocks) are all readily available for use within a table.

> Several formatting options are not availble within tables. Most notably headings, blockquotes, lists, horizontal rules, images, and HTML tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several formatting options are not available within tables, including:

- Headings
- Blockquotes
- Horizontal rules
- Images
- Lists
- HTML tags
```

## Escaping Characters

> To display a vertical line "|" character in a table, use the HTML character code `&#124;`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipe characters "|" can be displayed in a table with the [HTML character code](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/entities) `&#124;`.
```
